docs-team review, add and fix vale checks (#1)
l0rd/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/administration-guide/con_a-workspace-example.adoc

>s|1.75Gi
|===

The `theia-ide` and `machine-exec` components are implicitly added to the workspace, even if they don't figure in the devfile. The resources required by `machine-exec` are the default for a `chePlugin` and the resources for `theia-ide` are specifically set in the `cheEditor` `meta.yaml` to **512Mi** as memoryLimit.

The typescript VS Code extension has overridden the default memory limits as well. In its `meta.yaml` file the limits are explicitly specified to **512Mi**.

{prod-short} is applying the defaults for the `kubernetes` component type: a memory limit of **1Gi** and memory request of **512Mi**. 

> It happens because `kubernetes` component references a `Deployment` manifest that has a container specification with no resources limits or requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It does that because the `kubernetes` component references a `Deployment` manifest that has a container specification with no resources limits or requests.
```
